Refine wording on coding rules (#1387)
NNPDF/nnpdf: doc/sphinx/source/contributing/rules.md

```eval_rst
.. _rules:
```
# Code development

Code development is carried out using Github.
For more information on the Git workflow that NNPDF adopts, see the [Git and GitHub](./git.md) section.

## Code contributions

Code contributions should be presented in the form of [Pull
Requests](https://github.com/NNPDF/nnpdf/pulls)(PRs) to the repository.

> Never commit modifications directly to the master version of the code. Instead,

Author: ```suggestion
Avoid committing modifications directly to the master version of the code. Instead,
```

> create a new branch and make modifications on it.

Reviewer: Maybe we can disable it altogether @Zaharid @scarrazza? (so that only admins can do it)

Author: I think that was the case at some point, but github has a way to toggle stuff unexpectendly for you.

Reviewer: Maybe it's because everyone is an admin? Because we can do: Include administrators Enforce all configured restrictions above for administrators.

Reviewer 2: Shouldn't we have it such that to contribute you need to create a fork with the modification?

Reviewer: Well, external people can only do PRs by creating branches.
